- [Narrator] So now that we've written
our simple Lambda function using Go,
it's time to compile it, package it,
deploy it, and run it.
We're also going to take a look
at how CloudWatch manifests the logs
that we have created throughout this course.
So, after we get done doing all the work,
we're going to jump back into the console
and just take a look at a CloudWatch,
so you can get a picture
of why we've been doing all of this logging.
All right, I want you to jump into your command line.
Now, these commands that I am going to deal with, especially
around compilation, are very specific
to my operating system.
Go is a language that targets operating systems
specifically as native files.
That being said,
if you are not on a Mac or a Linux machine,
you are going to have slightly different Go commands
in order to target a Linux deployment.
AWS has some very good documentation around this
in their building and deploying Go section.
So let's get going.
So the first thing I need to do,
is send a few commands
to the compiler to let it know that
I'm targeting Linux and I am on a Linux-based system.
Now I'm going to call Go build,
and I'm going to build main.go.
Now, if I do an LS on my directory
you will see that I have a main.go file.
But now I have an executable called main.
You also noticed the size of it.
The Lambert package is pretty big,
and that adds to the complexity of running Go,
because you'll see that we can't edit these files
because of their size.
Now I've never been able to get a Go program
small enough with the Lambda packages
to be able to show it in the console.
But my assumption is, is that it works
based on the messaging.
I don't know that for sure.
If you ever get a Go program small enough to work in Lambda,
you might be able to try it.
But I have yet to do it even with bringing nothing else in.
So let's go ahead and go back through these commands
that we've seen a few times.
We're going to zip this thing up.
We'll create a function.zip file.
And we're just going to send that binary to it.
Now we're going to do an AWS Lambda create function.
Function name will be go demo.
The zip file, file B:\\function.zip,
the handler will be main.
And this is really important to get your handler name
right, and in this case its main.
The runtime we will use is go 1.x
Our role that we've seen so many times
is Arne:AWS:
I am::your account number.
Your role and Lambda X.
And I will send my profile of lil.
The thing I note here, I went and added
to that role, the ability to have full access to CloudWatch
so that I can actually see the logs.
By default we never added CloudWatch
because it doesn't specify that in the AWS guide.
Now you may have done that
or you may have used your own role, but in this case
I went and added that manually behind the scenes.
So we're going to actually get log output.
Let's go ahead and run that,
and we've deployed our artifact.
So now let's go ahead and execute it.
So AWS Lambda invoke,
I'm going to pass my profile in again.
The function name is go demo.
The payload, in this case, we will send it
count of 10
and a message
of hello from Go learners.
And one more time, I need to pass in the CLI binary format
because I am on command line version 2.
Raw in base 64 out.
And we will pass this to output.texts.
And I'm going to go ahead and cap that file
out as part of my command and we're good to go.
So it ran, we got our Okay all done message, not too bad.
Let's jump into the console and take a look at CloudWatch.
All right.
So right now I'm on the dashboard of AWS Lambda.
We can do this in a couple of ways.
We can go straight to CloudWatch, or we can go
into our go demo that we just ran,
allow it to load,
go into our monitor,
and then click view logs in CloudWatch.
Now this is the latest stream that we're running,
and you'll see that we now have messages
that have printed out.
So we have a log message from our latest execution,
hello from Go it's time to get some work done.
And then we executed hello from Go all you LinkedIn learners
in this case 10 times, because that's what we past it.
It that's exactly what we would expect.
So this is how logs
from our Lambdas can actually be visualizing news
not only to troubleshoot what's going on,
but to see this system as a whole.
This does not just apply to Go,
it was just a great opportunity for me to show you this,
before we wrapped up the course.